---
title: PCR 003
permalink: /pcr-003/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Proper Conduct of Research
---
<h4><strong>PCR 003: Research Data Collection &amp; Budgeting  </strong></h4>
<p>Participants will learn about the general principles involved in budgeting,
design and use of a case report form, database design and have an overview
understanding of how REDCap is used in NHG to aid in data analysis and
capture in research.</p>
<h4><strong>Agenda</strong></h4>
<p>This online module encompasses the following topics relating to the conduct
of research studies:</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p><strong>Design Case Report Forms (CRF)</strong> - This topic details the
introduction, general principles and components of case report forms and
its completion guidelines.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Introduction to Database Design</strong> - This topic details the
introduction to types of database management systems, concepts and principles
of good database design.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>REDCap</strong> – All you need to know about using REDCap in NHG
- This topic introduces REDCap as a web-based electronic data capture solution
that is designed for collecting clinical research data in a secure and
systematic manner.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Budgeting for Clinical Trials and Competitive Grants</strong> -
This topic details the factors affecting budget and the considerations
when budgeting for competitive grants.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Account Maintenance</strong> - This topic details on managing accounts
and study closure budget.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Learning Objectives</strong></h4>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>To design case report forms for use in clinical research studies and clinical
trials.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To design databases to organize information collected in research studies.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To have an overview of how REDCap is used in NHG.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To ensure that all the budgets are accounted for in clinical trials.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To ensure that all factors are considered when budgeting for competitive
grants.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To have an overview of how study accounts are maintained from creation
to closure.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Schedule</strong></h4>
<p>This Online Course Module is available on a continuous basis (via E-Learning).</p>
<h4><strong>Registration</strong></h4>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Registration for this Course is currently open. Go to the <a href="https://form.gov.sg/66177cd0a14ba8cd75876ca4" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank"><u>Course Registration (via FormSG) here</u></a>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>For NHG Staff: </strong>Register <a href="https://elearn.sg/nhg/Login/Login.aspx" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank"><u>here for the PCR course</u></a>.
Download the <a href="https://staging.d2xg4pfdtrypjl.amplifyapp.com/files/Training%20Files/PCR%20Course/NHG_Staff_Registration_Guide_for_PCR_Modules_v11_Jun_2024.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>NHG Staff Self-Registration Guide for PCR Course here</u></a>.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>