---
title: PCR 002
permalink: /pcr-002/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Proper Conduct of Research
---
<h4><strong>PCR 002: Study Start-Up, Data Management, Investigational Product (IP) &amp; Safety Reporting Module</strong></h4>
<p>Participants will gain knowledge and principles for Study Start-Up, Research
Data Management, and the types of essential documents to be maintained
in the investigator file. Participants will also gain a better understanding
about the safety reporting requirements for both investigator-initiated
and sponsored trials, and an appreciation of the myriad of regulations
governing investigational product management in clinical trials. Participants
will learn about handling investigational products in accordance with Good
Clinical Practice principles.</p>
<h4><strong>Agenda</strong></h4>
<p>The online module encompasses the following topics:</p>
<p><strong>Core Modules</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Study Start-Up Overview</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Research Data Management</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Essential Documents and Proper Documentation</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Supplementary Modules &amp; Readings</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Investigational Product (IP) Management and Documentation</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Introduction to Safety Reporting in Research</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Reportable Safety Events to NHG DSRB</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Learning Objectives</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Core Modules</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Gain general understanding of the key steps required for a research study
to start-up successfully</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Learn about the important tasks involved in starting a study (e.g., Study
Planning, Resources, Compliance, Training).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Learn about the best practices for launching a research study successfully</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understanding the overview of post approval reporting requirements</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understand the definition of Research Data and Research Data Management</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understand the overview of Research Data Management (e.g., Data management
plan, data collection &amp; document, data storage, retention, sharing,
protection &amp; security)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Supplementary Modules &amp; Readings</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Maintain the essential documents and investigator file for a research
study.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Perform proper documentation in a research study.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understand and apply the responsibilities in AE management and safety
reporting requirements.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Apply the regulatory requirements to investigational product management
at the clinical trial site.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Ensure proper handling of IP at the study site.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Maintain proper documentation related to handling of investigational products
in clinical trials.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Schedule</strong></h4>
<p>This Online Course Module is available on a continuous basis (via E-Learning).</p>
<h4><strong>Registration</strong></h4>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Registration for this Course is currently open. Go to the <a href="https://form.gov.sg/66177cd0a14ba8cd75876ca4" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank"><u>Course Registration (via FormSG) here</u></a>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>For NHG Staff: </strong>Register <a href="https://elearn.sg/nhg/Login/Login.aspx" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank"><u>here for the PCR course</u></a>.
Download the <a href="https://staging.d2xg4pfdtrypjl.amplifyapp.com/files/Training%20Files/PCR%20Course/NHG_Staff_Registration_Guide_for_PCR_Modules_v11_Jun_2024.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank"><u>NHG Staff Self-Registration Guide for PCR Course here</u></a>.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>