---
title: PCR 001
permalink: /pcr-001/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Proper Conduct of Research
---
<h4><strong>PCR-001: Subject Recruitment and Informed Consent&nbsp;Module</strong></h4>
<p>In this online PCR module, Participants will gain knowledge and application
principles for research subject recruitment and informed consent based
on ethical and regulatory requirements throughout the phase of planning,
designing, conducting and maintaining proper documentation.</p>
<p>Best practices, tips and common errors will also be covered in this course
which includes interactive case scenarios, and quizzes and informative
reference materials.</p>
<h4><strong>Agenda</strong></h4>
<p>This online module encompasses the following topics:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;</p>
<p><strong>Core Modules:&nbsp;</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Subject Recruitment</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Informed Consent Requirements for Research</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Informed Consent Process and Conduct</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Supplementary Modules &amp; Readings:</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Waiver of Consent</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Remote Consent</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Additional reading materials on Subject Recruitment &amp; Informed Consent</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Learning Objectives</strong></h4>
<p><strong>Core Modules:&nbsp;</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Understand the considerations for subject recruitment during the planning,
designing, conducting and maintaining proper documentation.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understand the requirements and process for informed consent based on
local regulations and guidelines.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To apply relevant concepts and considerations when designing the informed
consent process, obtaining informed consent and maintaining proper consent
documentation for the different subject populations and study type.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To identify and gain awareness of common errors in the subject recruitment
and informed consent process.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Supplementary Modules &amp; Readings:</strong>
</p>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Understand the definition of remote consent, its appropriate application
in research, the processes involved and documentation requirements.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understand the criteria for waiver of consent for Human Biomedical Research
(HBR) and non-HBR studies, be familiar with the requirements and information
to be included when requesting for waiver of consent.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>To identify the informed consent requirements for other special subject
populations (e.g. research involving pregnant women, neonates and prisoners).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Understand other processes involved in subject recruitment e.g. pre-screening,
determining subject’s eligibility, subject follow-up and retention strategies.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h4><strong>Schedule</strong></h4>
<p>This Online Course Module is available on a continuous basis (via E-Learning).</p>
<h4><strong>Registration</strong></h4>
<ul data-tight="true" class="tight">
<li>
<p>Registration for this Course is currently open. Go to the <a href="https://form.gov.sg/66177cd0a14ba8cd75876ca4" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank">Course Registration (via FormSG) here</a>.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>For NHG Staff: </strong>Register <a href="https://elearn.sg/nhg/Login/Login.aspx" rel="noopener nofollow" target="_blank"><u>here for the PCR course</u></a>.
Download the <a href="/files/Training Files/PCR Course/NHG_Staff_Registration_Guide_for_PCR_Modules_v11_Jun_2024.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">NHG Staff Self-Registration Guide for PCR Course here</a>.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>
<p></p>